added note in development.md (#399)
US-GHG-Center/veda-config-ghg: docs/DEVELOPMENT.md

cd -
```

> <b>NOTE</b>: For a production release, it's recommended to use `git tags` for the commit you may want to pin the `veda-ui` to. It is to avoid any unwanted changes for release, which might propagate to the `main` branch.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> For a production release, it is recommended to pin `veda-ui` to a release tag (viewable via `git tags`) instead of a branch. This is to make sure that only changes that have been thoroughly tested are pulled in, which might not always be the case with the `main` branch.

```
